Improve docs around exposing the FiftyOne Teams API in kubernetes. (#55)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: helm/docs/expose-teams-api.md

# Exposing the `teams-api` Service

There are two methods for SDK access to Fiftyone Teams

- Direct MongoDB connection
- FiftyOne Teams API

The database direct connection requires each user to have root database privileges.

> This is not a preferred security posture and presents risks.

Reviewer: This feels unnecessary - just leave it at the fact that db-direct access is root database permissions.

Author: I'll remove it. I added it to call out why one may prefer to use the API.

The FiftyOne Teams API provides Role Based Access Control (RBAC) permissions.
By default, the API is not exposed.

> To expose the FiftyOne Teams API, configure an Kubernetes Ingress to route traffic to the Kubernetes service `teams-api` on port 80 via the WebSocket protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose the FiftyOne Teams API, configure a Kubernetes Ingress to route traffic to the Kubernetes `teams-api` service on port 80 via the WebSocket protocol.
```

We use WebSockets to maintain connections and enable long-running process execution.
Before exposing the `teams-api` service,
validate that your infrastructure supports the WebSockets protocol.
(For example, you may need to replace AWS Classic Load Balancers (LB) with AWS Application Load Balancers (ALB) for WebSocket support.)

When using file-based storage credentials or setting environment variables, the same credentials must be shared with the `fiftyone-app` and `teams-api` pods.
We recommend using Database Cloud Storage Credentials configured at `/settings/cloud_storage_credentials`.

To expose the `teams-api`` service, chose one of these two routing methods

- Host-Based
- Path-based

## Host-Based Routing

Add a Second Host to the Ingress Controller

> 1. Obtain a new TLS certificates for the new host

Reviewer: This may not be required; in the case of certificate-manager (like we use) you just need to add the entry and it will update the certificate

> 1. Update DNS for the new host to route to the Ingress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a new DNS entry for the new host to route to the Ingress
```

1. Update `values.yaml`
    1. Set `apiSettings.dnsName` to the hostname to route API requests to
      (e.g. `demo-api.fiftyone.ai`)

>     1. Set the `teams-api` paths, set `ingress.teamsApi`

Reviewer: Don't have to do this for host-based routing...

Author: This was a bad paste

# Exposing the `teams-api` Service

There are two methods for SDK access to Fiftyone Teams

- Direct MongoDB connection
- FiftyOne Teams API

The database direct connection requires each user to have root database privileges.

The FiftyOne Teams API provides Role Based Access Control (RBAC) permissions.
By default, the API is not exposed.
To expose the FiftyOne Teams API, configure a
Kubernetes Ingress to route traffic to the Kubernetes
`teams-api` service on port 80 via the WebSocket protocol.

We use WebSockets to maintain connections and enable long-running process execution.
Before exposing the `teams-api` service,
validate that your infrastructure supports the WebSockets protocol.
(For example, you may need to replace AWS Classic Load Balancers (LB)
with AWS Application Load Balancers (ALB) for WebSocket support.)

When using file-based storage credentials or setting environment variables, the
same credentials must be shared with the `fiftyone-app` and `teams-api` pods.
We recommend using Database Cloud Storage Credentials configured at

> `https://<DEPOY_URL>/settings/cloud_storage_credentials`.

Reviewer: I'm not clear what this has to do with exposing the API...

Author: /shrug

https://github.com/voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy/commit/10fec67b04f914d3ac423b6abb167abb87e728ef sez that you added this to the section?  Maybe four months ago topher would be able to explain it?

Author: I removed this as suggested.

# Exposing the `teams-api` Service

There are two methods for SDK access to Fiftyone Teams

- Direct MongoDB connection
- FiftyOne Teams API

The database direct connection requires each user to have root database privileges.

The FiftyOne Teams API provides Role Based Access Control (RBAC) permissions.
By default, the API is not exposed.
To expose the FiftyOne Teams API, configure a
Kubernetes Ingress to route traffic to the Kubernetes
`teams-api` service on port 80 via the WebSocket protocol.

We use WebSockets to maintain connections and enable long-running process execution.
Before exposing the `teams-api` service,
validate that your infrastructure supports the WebSockets protocol.
(For example, you may need to replace AWS Classic Load Balancers (LB)
with AWS Application Load Balancers (ALB) for WebSocket support.)

To expose the `teams-api`` service, chose one of these two routing methods

- Host-Based
- Path-based

## Host-Based Routing

Add a Second Host to the Ingress Controller

1. Create or update TLS certificate for the new host by either
    1. Obtaining a new certificate for the new host
    1. Updating an existing certificate by adding the new

>        host to the list of Subject Alternative Names (SAN)

Author: @findtopher - How do you like this refactor that includes the SAN list? Is it good enough?

Reviewer: Yeah - that looks good - I like the two options
